you
okay here we are with Maddie
the first test of his dry ice volcano so
Maddie what do you think is going to
happen when we put the dry ice in the
mixture
okay kept moving for those you that
don't know dry ice is simply frozen
carbon dioxide it freezes at a
temperature of negative one hundred and
nine point three degrees here we go
ready for one volcanic explosion to see
what happens three two one go oh here
comes it here comes the steam oh I see
lava here comes oh no here it goes I
watch what happens and we pop some of
the bubbles
yeah
you probably do with your fingers and
you do with your fingers is warm enough
it's what
we have one exploding
it's good looks like it has me yeah yeah
we got we got a lava flow yeah it's not
going go down quick no it's not on the
red but that's okay uh-huh
so Maddie would you say we have
successfully recreated